hey Shawn here from speed QB view comm
today I want to look at the different
color options for Stickle of speed cubes
on the market now to go through all the
Stickles cubes from every company might
take a little time so for right now
we're just gonna look at the more you
cubes Stickles cubes from YJ more you or
Kong's design come in three different
version there's the regular stick Alice
the stick a list with pink instead of
red and the right stick Alice
so in front of me I have on the left a
regular stickerless while on in the
middle is the clunks design making in
the bright stickerless and on the right
is the stickerless while long with pink
instead of red now white looks the same
in all three if we look at red that's
going to be the biggest difference
between them it's the darkest on the
regular stick Alice it's a bit brighter
on the bright cyclists and obviously
it's pink on the pink version of the
stickerless yellow is a little bit
darker on the regular stick list but
looks almost the exact same between the
bright and the pink version the same
goes for orange orange looks almost the
exact same between the bright and the
pink version maybe a little bit lighter
on the pink version as far as blue we
have three different types of blue with
the lightest on the pink version and
three different greens with a very
fluorescent one on the bright version
and more of a light green on the pink
version now I wanted to compare this to
a stickered cube so I have two here one
is amazing that I've replaced with
stickers from the cubicle and I'll
explain which ones they are when we go
through it and on the right is a YJ
Seulong that still has the stock
stickers on
so with yellow we can see that it's
quite a bit more fluorescent on the
stock stickers and on the left I do have
fluorescent yellow on the q4 red I use
light red and it looks very similar to
the stock stickers but quite a bit
different from the shades on the sticker
list for green I have fluorescent green
and it's a little bit darker than the
one on the bright stick list and bright
stick list is pretty similar to the
stock stickers orange is where there's a
big difference especially between the
stock stickers and the fluorescent
orange stickers from the cubicle and
blue I use light blue which is pretty
much the same throughout all three cubes
is not much of a difference there well
thank you
watching and if you have any comments or
questions please leave them in the
comment section below please remember to
Like and subscribe for more videos like
this in the future